README.md, before:

# 🚀 Brenda Cruz
**`Developer`**

I'm a **Systems Development** student, immersing myself in the world of **technology and programming**.
I'm currently focused on **C programming**, learning more and more about programming logic, data structures, and project development.

##
### 🛠 &nbsp;Tech Stack

[![My Skills](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=java,c,py,html,figma)](https://skillicons.dev)
##
[![GitHub Stats](https://gh-readme-profile.vercel.app/api?username=brendascruz&theme=dark)](https://github.com/brendascruz/github-readme-profile)
<img width="250" height="250" alt="octocat-1758821004190" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/81fcb988-d2fa-439b-9911-10b989648f4d" />

### &nbsp;Contact Me
<a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/brenda-cruz-285b902a7/"><img alt="LinkedIn" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/linkedin%20-%230077B5.svg?&style=flat&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white"/></a> &nbsp;
<a href="mailto:bcruz.contact@gmail.com"><img alt="Gmail" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Gmail-D14836?style=flat&logo=gmail&logoColor=white" /></a> &nbsp;

Commit message:

Revise README to reflect current studies and goals
Updated personal information and career focus in README.

README.md, after:

# 🚀 Brenda Cruz
**`Developer`**


I'm a **Systems Development** student focused on backend development with Java. 
Currently building strong foundations in programming logic, data structures and object-oriented programming.

🎯 Goal: Becoming a Full Stack Developer through consistent learning and practical projects.

##  Career Focus
Currently focused on backend development with Java, building strong foundations in:
- Object-Oriented Programming
- Data Structures and Algorithms
- Problem Solving
- Version Control (Git)


##
### 🛠 &nbsp;Tech Stack

[![My Skills](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=java,c,py,html,figma)](https://skillicons.dev)
##
[![GitHub Stats](https://gh-readme-profile.vercel.app/api?username=brendascruz&theme=dark)](https://github.com/brendascruz/github-readme-profile)
<img width="250" height="250" alt="octocat-1758821004190" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/81fcb988-d2fa-439b-9911-10b989648f4d" />

### &nbsp;Contact Me
<a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/brenda-cruz-285b902a7/"><img alt="LinkedIn" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/linkedin%20-%230077B5.svg?&style=flat&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white"/></a> &nbsp;
<a href="mailto:bcruz.contact@gmail.com"><img alt="Gmail" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Gmail-D14836?style=flat&logo=gmail&logoColor=white" /></a> &nbsp;
